NARRATOR
As our heroes make their way
to the Laverre City Gym
and Ash's next Gym battle
it's time for a break,
and a little lunch.
How do you like it?
It's a new recipe
I came up with while I was away.
I used Berry Juice as a base,
along with Big Mushrooms.
‐ It's so yummy
‐ Yeah. So good.
This food is the best.
Clemont, you rule!
I'm glad you like it.
Thanks.
CHESPIN
[RAVENOUS]
CHESPIN/PANCHAM
[STRUGGLING]/[ANGRY]
CHESPIN
[PAINED]
[STARTLED]
[UPSET]/[ANGRY]
[PANICKED]
DEDENNE/CHESPIN
[ATTACK]/[PAINED]
CLEMONTH
Chespin!
Stop it, please.
I'm so sorry.
Huh? Huh?
[ENCOURAGING]
DEDENNE/GOODRA
[HESITANT]/[CERTAIN]
DEDENNE/CHESPIN
[HAPPY]/[EXCITED]
That's so nice of you.
Thanks, Goodra!
[HAPPY]
SERENA
'You're all friends.'
Which means
it's time to make up!
[EXCITED]
What's up, Bellsprout?
[SHOCKED]
KEANAN 'Are you referring to
that, Goodra?'
KEANAN
'Oh..'
[laughs]
Oh, my!
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Defending The Homeland."
Okay, now that we're all done
eating, let's get going.
[EXCITED]
[CURIOUS]
[STARTLED]/[STUNNED]
CLEMONT/BONNIE/ASH/SERENA
Huh?
GOODRA/BELLSPROUT
[EXCITED]
Oh. Well, so it is you.
It's been such a long time,
Goomy! So sorry.
Of course, I can see
you're Goodra now.
‐ 'Excuse me?'
‐ Huh?
It sure looks like you
and Goodra know each other.
Huh? Who are you?
Oh, yeah, my name's Ash.
This is my partner, Pikachu.
[HAPPY]
I'm Serena.
It's nice to meet you.
Hi there! Bonnie's my name.
And this is Dedenne.
[PROUD]
I'd like you to meet
my big brother.
My name's Clemont.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Keanan's my name.
This Goomy, I mean this Goodra
used to make its home
in the wetlands
just beyond
where we're standing right now.
I happen to be
the caretaker of this area.
Wow! That's so cool!
So this is where
Goodra comes from..
[CURIOUS]
Hey, Ash? Why don't we go and
see where Goodra used to live?
That sounds good.
What do you say there, Goodra?
[SURPRISED]/[SAD]
Huh?
Hmm.
[ENCOURAGING]
[TOUCHED]
I see. So, Goodra's with you
these days, eh, Ash?
I'm glad to see
you've met some good people.
[HAPPY]
Alright, so how does
your old home look?
[PLEASED]
I still don't get why Goomy
fell from that flock
of Swanna back then.
Me neither.
Remember how sick Goomy was?
Mm.
Why did you leave the wetlands
in the first place, Goodra?
[HESITANT]
It has something to do
with the nature
of the wetlands themselves.
‐ Huh?
‐ What are you talking about?
There's a spring located here
containing water
that has powerful
healing effects
on the minds and bodies
of Pokémon.
CLEMONT
''Amazing.
KEANAN 'Goomy was living here
happily with all of its friends'
'but suddenly a terrible feud
broke out over that spring.'
A terrible feud?
Other Pokémon from the outside
came here
'and tried to use force'
'to take control of the spring.'
WOOPER/GOOMY
[HAPPY]/[CURIOUS]
[STARTLED]
[FOCUSED]
[SCARED]
[CONCERNED]
[STARTLED]
[FOCUSED]/[EXERTION]
[ANGRY]
[SCARED]
[DETERMINED]
BEEDRILL/YANMEGA/PINSIR/ARIADOS
[ATTACK]
[PANICKED]
[WORRIED]
GULPIN/GOOMY
[PANICKED]/[STARTLED]
[ATTACK]
[PANICKED]/[SHOCKED]
[HAPPY]
[STARTLED]
[SCARED]
[TERRIFIED]
[ATTACK]
[PANICKED]
[PAINED]
[ANXIOUS]
And that's what happened.
Terrible.
Poor Goodra.
[SAD]
[TOUCHED]
What happened
to the other Pokémon?
Are they gone?
Did they all run away?
Happily, they're all still
living here.
Thank goodness!
However
they've all been orced
into a corner of the wetlands.
And they live there in secret.
[Sad]
[FOCUSED]
Alright.
Sure is quiet around here.
It's hard to believe there was
such fighting. It's so peaceful.
[SAD]
[HAPPY]
[UPSET]
[CONCERNED]
Hmm. Huh?
GOODRA
[UPSET]
[STARTLED]/EXCITED]
[UNSURE]
[EXCITED]/[EXERTION]
[CONCERNED]
GOODRA
[UPSET]
[STARTLED]
[CURIOUS]
‐ Huh?
‐ It's a Wooper.
[CURIOUS]
[SHOCKED]/[HAPPY]
[HAPPY]
Hey, it looks like
that's one of Goodra's friends!
[HAPPY]
‐ Huh?
‐ Huh? Look!
There are so many of them!
Wow! They all must be friends
of Goodra's
from when it was living here.
CLEMONT 'I bet they never
thought
Goomy would come back
evolved'
SERENA
'I think so, too.'
[EXERTION/[DETERMINED]
[CURIOUS]
[PROUD]/[AMUSED]
[HAPPY]
They're so happy to see Goodra.
I've got an idea!
This would be an awesome time
to show all your friends
how much you've grown
and how strong you are now!
[EXCITED]
[HAPPY]
[CONFIDENT]
[ATTACK]
[IMPRESSED]
[PROUD]
SWANNA/FGODDREA
[CONCERNED]/[PUZZLED]
[ANXIOUS]
[SURPRISED]
[CONCERNED]/[DETERMINED]
Hey, what's going on, Goodra?
‐ What was that?
‐ It's coming from their home!
Are they being attacked?
Goodra, go help them out!
[DETERMINED]
We're coming along, too!
Wait a minute.
This whole thing is a quarrel
between wild Pokémon.
It's really not something
we should get involved in.
But, Keanan.
I understand how you feel, Ash
but still, I don't think it
would be fair if you and Pikachu
were to get in the middle
of their dispute.
He means the Pokémon should
solve their own problems.
I understand that.
Exactly right.
‐ Right, Ash?
‐ Huh?
[grunting]
Okay, I get it!
I'm not gonna get involved.
But I still want to cheer
for Goodra and its friends.
Is that okay?
Yes. It would be great to cheer.
MEOWTH 'Yup. Something's cooking
over there, alright.'
But I don't think it's time
to lower the boom just yet.
Then why don't we simply stay
here and watch for a bit?
And then when the time
is just right
we'll simply lower that boom
and raise
our professional status.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH/CLEMONT/SERENA/BONNIE
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Wooper!
[APPEARING]
[FIERCE]
[CONCERNED]
Me, too.
I hope they'll be all right.
[ATTACK]
QUAGSIRE/GULPIN/LOTAD/WOOPER
[SCARED]
FLORGES
[CONFIDENT]
[STUNNED]
[FOCUSED]
[PROUD]/[DETERMINED]
[DETERMINED]
[SCARED]
[ATTACK]
[DETERMINED]/[ATTACK]
PINSIR/ARIADOS/SEVIPER
[SHOCKED]][PAINED]
[SHOCKED]
[SCARED]
[EXCITED]
[HAPPY]
Looks like they were in time!
[RELIEVED]
So those Pokémon are attacking?
Just like Keanan said.
Alright, go get them, Goodra!
I know you can do it! Come on!
[ENCOURAGING]
[ATTACK]
[ANGRY]/[SURPRISED]
[DETERMINED]
[FOCUSED]
ASH
'Pikachu, no.'
Remember,
it's like Keanan said
this is their battle
and not ours!
[WORRIED]
[ATTACK]
[ANGRY]/[DETERMINED]
[DETERMINED]/[ATTACK]
[ATTACK]
It looks like an even fight.
It sure does.
They just might win.
Way to go.
[ENCOURAGING]
[ANGRY]
[PROUD]
[STARTLED]
MEOWTH 'Now it's a battle
between the top brass.'
I think it's time for us
to make our entrance.
It's vital to our professional
success for that Florges
to come out on top.
Who's that?
POKEDEX
Florges. The Garden Pokémon.
And the final evolved
form of Flabebe.
Long ago, nobles would
often ask
Florges to create beautiful
gardens for their castles.
[FURIOUS]
[SURPRISED]
[FURIOUS]/[WORRIED]/[SCARED]
[STUNNED]/[AMUSED]
[SHOCKED]/[NERVOUS]
ASH
'Goodra.'
[SURPRISED]
It's okay!
You can do this, no doubt.
[ANGRY]/[ATTACK]
[SHOCKED]/[PAINED]
[SURPRISED]
ASH
'You're really strong now.'
You're not the Goomy
you were back then.
Believe in yourself
and go for it.
[ENCOURAGING]
[CONFIDENT]/[FIERCE]
[AMUSED]/[PETAL BLIZZARD MOVE]
‐ That's Petal Blizzard.
‐ Be careful, Goodra.
[ATTACK]
Yeah, way to go, Goodra.
[EXCITED]
[DETERMINED]/[EXERTION]
[GRASSY TERRAIN MOVE]
[SHOCKED]
Hey, what was that?
That was Grassy Terrain.
‐ What's Grassy Terrain?
‐ A move.
It increases the power
of Grass‐type moves.
[SOLAR BEAM MOVE]
That's Solar Beam.
[ATTACK]
WOOPER/GULPIN/LOTAD
[PANICKED]/[PAINED]
[CONCERNED]
[STUGGLING]
[SHOCKED]/[ANGRY]
[SCARED]
[PAINED]
[SHOCKED]
[FOCUSED]/[ATTACK]
[STARTLED]/[PAINED]
[PANICKED]/[SHOCKED]
Goodra!
[SHOCKED]
[STRUGGLING]
[FOCUSED]
You're still in it, Goodra.
[STRUGGLING]
Talk about strong.
Goodra can win this.
Goodra, wrap it up.
[STRUGGLING]/[SURPRISED]
You can still battle, can't you?
Then show us how strong you are.
[ENCOURAGING]
[CONFIDENT]
[FOCUSED]
‐ Hey, is that‐‐
‐ Yeah.
Goodra's using Ice Beam.
Goodra learned Ice Beam.
Yay! Yay! Yay!
[FOCUSED]/[ATTACK]
Here we go. Do it!
[ICE BEAM MOVE]
[SHOCKED]
[PAINED]
[STRUGGLING]/[WEAK]
[CONCERNED]
QUAGSIRE/WOOPER/ GULPIN/LOTAD
[AMAZED]
GOODRA
[SURPRISED]
That was great! Goodra won!
Yippee yay yay!
Oh, no! Goodra, are you okay?
[CONCERNED]
[PAINED]
[WORRIED]
Goodra.
‐ Where did that come from?
‐ Poor Goodra. You okay?
We've got to do something.
Right. Goodra,
quick, now return.
[WORRIED]
Huh? Florges..
KEANAN
'Okay, all done.'
I'm certain Goodra
will be just fine.
KEANAN 'But even so,
it needs lots of rest.'
ASH
'Thanks very much.'
I don't think Florges will do
anything for a while.
That means a truce
for the time being.
Dedenne, keep an eye
on Goodra, okay?
[WORRIED]
[SAD]
[CARING]
Thanks for your concern.
Leave the rest to us.
[CALM]
Excuse me, Keanan?
Are there any Pokémon around
here who are able to use
Psybeam and Shadow Ball?
Huh?
JESSIE 'Well, all I can say is
that was too close for comfort.'
If you had lost, what do you
think would've happened
to that little one there?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
It touched us that you'd step up
to the plate and battle
as hard as you did
so you could keep
that little buddy of yours
away from harm.
And that's why
we jumped in like we did.
MEOWTH 'We know that Goodra
like I know the back of my paw.'
'The ups and the downs.'
'So if we join forces, we can
beat that big lug for sure.'
You want to help
your little pal, don't you?
MEOWTH
'So, listen up and listen well.'
Is it a deal?
You'd do anything for all
of your friends, wouldn't you?
So when we first met
and you wanted to get stronger
it was just so you could help
them all out.
Something's definitely
not right.
Let's look
at the surveillance camera.
Okay.
Maybe we can figure this out.
Oh. Hey, it's them!
[screams]
[SCARED]
Pikachu! Wooper! Dedenne!
Give back my Pikachu! Stop!
NARRATOR Now that Team Rocket
is joining forces with Florges
what new evil scheme
are they plotting?
And what will become of
Pikachu, Wooper, and Dedenne?
[laughing]
The journey continues.